Doc: FastStore Onboarding (#1714)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/getting-started/getting-started-overview.mdx

---
title: ' Getting Started Overview'
sidebar_label: 'Getting Started'
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

<header>

# Getting Started Overview

</header>

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
This documentation is currently under development.
</Callout>

> In this Getting Started track, you'll build and deploy a FastStore Storefront at the domain `https://account-name.myvtex.com/`.

Reviewer: I think the domain is under vtex.app
```suggestion
In this Getting Started track, you'll build and deploy a FastStore Storefront at the domain `https://<account-name>.vtex.app/`.
```

Author: ahh that's true!

> By the end of this track, you'll have a fully functional store using FastStore, seamlessly integrated with VTEX native solutions like [Headless CMS](/tbd), [Catalog](/tbd), and [Checkout](/tbd).

Reviewer 2: We need to review all the `/tbd` links later. If we don't have the time to cover it all, we should remove it 😉

> Here's an example of the final result: [Starter Store](/tbd).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's an example of the final result: [Starter Store](https://starter.vtex.app).
```

Are we linking to the repo or the application? 🤔

Author: To the application Fanny :)
